Add documentation for libpkl (#1801)
apple/pkl: docs/modules/bindings-specification/pages/index.adoc

The host application has access to low level controls.
It is able to manage the lifecycle of evaluators, as well as provide custom modules and resources to Pkl.

Pkl can be embedded in one of two ways:

1. By spawning xref:pkl-cli:index.adoc#command-server[`pkl server`] as a subprocess, and communicating with it via STDIN/STDOUT.

> 2. By linking to the xref:libpkl:index.adoc[libpkl library].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. By spawning xref:pkl-cli:index.adoc#command-server[`pkl server`] as a subprocess, and communicating with it via STDIN/STDOUT.
. By linking to the xref:libpkl:index.adoc[libpkl library].
```
